yes thank you well done baby Falls low
Inlet flow in last call the brain do you
know how it appears this is fantastic
thank you very much flag blue flag flag
yes yes yes great live great live with
an closes down human respect top class
that is back Ferraris back but not sick
Oh fantastico Silk'n on this earth yeah
ah presenting Basanti Grazia Grazia
grasshopper re I guess the best job good
job I need to wait until everybody
crosses the line I need to wait but it's
looking good you just wait sunshine you
just wait
Hamilton b2 bunch of v3 there's other to
cast me ground in 15 and 16 roster
before you be kept e5
Dube is my stuff Thank You Parmenion
thank you I love you Sebastian Vettel
you are the world champion the world
champion will not enjoy it you are the
man I feel like then I'd like to watch
for you you should be proud understood
calm down
bring home okay
in the gauge ah let me quote yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah I know what I'm
doing
by the way you can play that one